--------Initilization Function------

The main function of this function is to generate random crow positions 
along with the parameters and boundaries.
N here is the flock size and pd is the problem dimnesion which takes 5 
values namely kp,ki,kd,lamda and mu
Now a loop goes for every value for pd for every crow we generate random 
postion. These values of lower limit and upper limit we've obtained from 
existing literature survey that we did. We had the values of kp,ki,kd,
lamda and mu by which we defined boundaries for each values.
x(i,j) is used to generate random position of the crows. rand refers to a 
random value which has value ranging from 0 to 1

----------------------------------------------------------------------

-------ECSA Code---------

This is the main code for Enhanced Crow Search Algorithm. At first we've
defined some parameters which we need in our code.
The ranges of awareness probability were defined from the literature we 
had. Alpha is the controller effort which we've used in fitness 
function.
x stands for the initial position which we get from the initializarion
function along with upper limits and lower limimts for every value of 
pd.
Now we've run a loop for every crow and we've evaluated the initial 
fitness of the positions. This has been using fitness function which 
we've initialzed further.
x(i,:) means getting the values from ith row at a time from the vector
of initial positions.
tmax refers to the maximum number of iterations.
Now in this loop for everyiteration we're generating new set of positions.
srate is the success rate which takes value between 0 and 1. 
num is the random crow which will be used for following.
Ap has been caluculated using this formula. Here ran is the value which
we initialised earlier.
Now for every crow we've generated the new set of positions using two 
conditions.
-- The first condition refers to that if the crow j does not know crow i 
is following it. As a result, crow i will approach to the hiding place
 of crow j. In this case, the new position of crow i is obtained as 
follows:
-- And the second condition which is in else refers to the Crow j knows
 that crow i is following it. As a result, in order to protect its cache
 from being pilfered, crow j will fool crow i by going to another
 position of the search space.
xbest refers to the new set of positions. x is the previous set of
positions.
After that again we've again evaluated the fitness of the current
positions.
Here in this loop we're updating the position and the memory if the 
after comparing the previous fitness values with the current fitness 
values.
W're taking the minimum of the values as we want the minimum values so 
taht we can reduce the performance parameters of the control system.
This is the condition for ESCA to change the flight length according to 
the values of sucess rate.
After taht we've stored the current minimum set of positions in the 
memory. These are the best values until iteration t.
After that we've evaluated the ngbest which gives us the index of
the mininmum value. Usinf that we've evaluated the global best which 
is the solution of the problem. which generates a 1x5 matrix which
are the values of kp,ki,kd,lamda and mu.
Aaage gbest aur ngbest ke baare puchna hai

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------